5/19 (#52)
dolthub/weekly-updates: emails/2023-05-19.md

DoltHub also used to run a Postgres database to store metadata like users, pull requests, issues, and all the other glue data that doesn't live in your Dolt database. When we shipped DoltHub in fall 2019, Dolt was not ready to be a production database. It was a data sharing tool. Well, [Dolt 1.0](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2023-05-05-dolt-1-dot-0/) is now a production grade OLTP database and you can feel it on DoltHub. There is no performance or reliability difference. Please click around. DoltHub is smooth.

And we get all the great version control features of Dolt. I'm no longer worried about [a bad script wiping DoltHub out for a month](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2022-04-14-atlassian-outage-prevention/).

### Clone a DoltHub Private Database to Hosted

> Hosted Dolt just keep s getting upgrades. This time, you can now [hook up a Hosted Dolt to a private DoltHub database](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2023-05-17-dolthub-as-a-remote-for-hosted/). Previously you could clone and pull public databases from DoltHub. Now you can push public databases and clone, push, and pull private databases because Hosted Dolt can have the right credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hosted Dolt just keeps getting upgrades. This time, you can now [hook up a Hosted Dolt to a private DoltHub database](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2023-05-17-dolthub-as-a-remote-for-hosted/). Previously you could clone and pull public databases from DoltHub. Now you can push public databases and clone, push, and pull private databases because Hosted Dolt can have the right credentials.
```

> Hosted Dolt just keep s getting upgrades. This time, you can now [hook up a Hosted Dolt to a private DoltHub database](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2023-05-17-dolthub-as-a-remote-for-hosted/). Previously you could clone and pull public databases from DoltHub. Now you can push public databases and clone, push, and pull private databases because Hosted Dolt can have the right credentials.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Hosted Dolt just keeps getting upgrades. This time, you can now [hook up a Hosted Dolt to a private DoltHub database](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2023-05-17-dolthub-as-a-remote-for-hosted/). Previously you could clone and pull public databases from DoltHub. Now you can push public databases and clone, push, and pull private databases because Hosted Dolt can have the right credentials.
```

> Hosted Dolt just keep s getting upgrades. This time, you can now [hook up a Hosted Dolt to a private DoltHub database](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2023-05-17-dolthub-as-a-remote-for-hosted/). Previously you could clone and pull public databases from DoltHub. Now you can push public databases and clone, push, and pull private databases because Hosted Dolt can have the right credentials.

Reviewer 3: keeps

> [![DoltHUb Hosted Dolt](../images/dolthub-hosted-remote.png)](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2023-05-17-dolthub-as-a-remote-for-hosted/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[![DoltHub Hosted Dolt](../images/dolthub-hosted-remote.png)](https://www.dolthub.com/blog/2023-05-17-dolthub-as-a-remote-for-hosted/)
```
